feat(dew): the keypair resource support user_id, kms_key_id parameter (#5387)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/kps_keypair.md

  The default value is `user`.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `user_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the user ID to which the keypair belongs.

>   -> If the `scope` value is **user**, this parameter value must be the ID of the user who creates the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -> If the `scope` set to **user**, this parameter value must be the ID of the user who creates the resource.
```

* `encryption_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies encryption mode if manages the private key by HuaweiCloud.
  The options are as follows:
  - **default**: The default encryption mode. Applicable to sites where KMS is not deployed.
  - **kms**: KMS encryption mode.

* `kms_key_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the KMS key ID to encrypt private keys.

* `kms_key_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the KMS key name to encrypt private keys.

> -> When the `encryption_type` value is **kms**, the parameter `kms_key_id` or `kms_key_name` is mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> When the `encryption_type` set to **kms**, both `kms_key_id` and `kms_key_name` must be set or one of them must be set.
```
